tile.copperOre.name=Copper Ore
tile.tinOre.name=Tin Ore

tile.topazOre.name=Topaz Ore
tile.rubyOre.name=Ruby Ore
tile.amethystOre.name=Amethyst Ore

tile.copperBlock.name=Copper Block
tile.tinBlock.name=Tin Block
tile.bronzeBlock.name=Bronze Block

tile.topazBlock.name=Topaz Block
tile.rubyBlock.name=Ruby Block
tile.amethystBlock.name=Amethyst Block

item.copperIngot.name=Copper Ingot
item.tinIngot.name=Tin Ingot
item.bronzeIngot.name=Bronze Ingot

item.topaz.name=Topaz
item.ruby.name=Ruby
item.amethyst.name=Amethyst

item.shaleMattock.name=Shale Mattock
item.pitchHarvester.name=Pitch Harvester

item.ironHammer.name=Iron Hammer

item.bronzeSword.name=Bronze Sword
item.bronzePickaxe.name=Bronze Pickaxe
item.bronzeSpade.name=Bronze Shovel
item.bronzeAxe.name=Bronze Axe
item.bronzeHoe.name=Bronze Hoe

item.amethystSword.name=Amethyst Sword
item.amethystPickaxe.name=Amethyst Pickaxe
item.amethystSpade.name=Amethyst Shovel
item.amethystAxe.name=Amethyst Axe
item.amethystHoe.name=Amethyst Hoe

item.rubySword.name=Ruby Sword
item.rubyPickaxe.name=Ruby Pickaxe
item.rubySpade.name=Ruby Shovel
item.rubyAxe.name=Ruby Axe
item.rubyHoe.name=Ruby Hoe

item.topazSword.name=Topaz Sword
item.topazPickaxe.name=Topaz Pickaxe
item.topazSpade.name=Topaz Shovel
item.topazAxe.name=Topaz Axe
item.topazHoe.name=Topaz Hoe

item.bronzeHelm.name=Bronze Helmet
item.bronzeChestplate.name=Bronze Chestplate
item.bronzeLeggings.name=Bronze Leggings
item.bronzeBoots.name=Bronze Boots

item.amethystHelm.name=Amethyst Helmet
item.amethystChestplate.name=Amethyst Chestplate
item.amethystLeggings.name=Amethyst Leggings
item.amethystBoots.name=Amethyst Boots

item.rubyHelm.name=Ruby Helmet
item.rubyChestplate.name=Ruby Chestplate
item.rubyLeggings.name=Ruby Leggings
item.rubyBoots.name=Ruby Boots

item.topazHelm.name=Topaz Helmet
item.topazChestplate.name=Topaz Chestplate
item.topazLeggings.name=Topaz Leggings
item.topazBoots.name=Topaz Boots

item.treePitch.name=Tree Pitch
item.stickyGel.name=Sticky Gel

item.chickenShit.name=Chicken Shit

item.ironPlate.name=Iron Plate

itemGroup.sCreativeTab=Sarir's Mod